feat: Ash Wallet docs (#108)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/ash-wallet/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: Overview
---

# Ash Wallet

![Ash Wallet](/img/ash-wallet-landing.png)

:::info
The Ash Wallet web interface is a fork of [Safe{Wallet}](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-wallet-monorepo).
:::

> [**Ash Wallet**](https://wallet.ash.center/) is **Safe**-based multi-signature wallet built for **Avalanche L1s** and the **Avalanche C-Chain**. It can be used to secure your team treasury and manage assets across every L1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Ash Wallet**](https://wallet.ash.center/) is **Safe**-based multi-signature wallet built for **Avalanche L1s** and the **Avalanche C-Chain**. It can be used to secure your team's treasury and critical operations, and manage assets across every L1.
```
